h1. Middleware for Fault Tolerant PGrid Networks

P-Grid is a self-organizing structured peer-to-peer system, which can
accommodate arbitrary key distributions, still providing storage load-balancing
and efficient search by using randomized routing. This project is an
implementation of the peer-to-peer infrastructure of P-Grid. The main goal is
to add a fault-tolerant protocol. The implementation is based on SOA
principles.
This project is part of my dissertation.

h2. Getting started

h3. Libraries in use

* Google guice 3.0
* logback 1.0
* slf4j 1.6.4

h3. Compilation

Run the following commands to produce all the needed corba interfaces and
classes before compilation.
1. cd pgrid
2. idlj -fall -td src/ resources/pgrid_corba.idl

Finally run the ant script.

h1. License

<pre>

This software is licensed under the GPL version 3 license, quoted below.

Copyright 2009-2011 Shay Banon and ElasticSearch <http://www.elasticsearch.org>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by 
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or 
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, 
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of 
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the 
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License 
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

</pre>